Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedmodifying-basic-calculator
<br>
In this assignment, you will modify your basic calculator to be a little more user-friendly. Make these modifications: 1. If the user enters an invalid menu option, allow them to try again until they enter a valid one. 2. If the user chooses three invalid menu options in a row, give them a message about trying again later and end the program. 3. After the user chooses a valid menu option and your program computes and displays the result, you should start over again by displaying the menu. This should continue until the user chooses a “Quit” menu option. Here are some example runs of the program: Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 9 I’m sorry, 9 wasn’t one of the options Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 0 I’m sorry, 0 wasn’t one of the options Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 7 I’m sorry, 7 wasn’t one of the options Please try again later. ___________________________________________________________________ Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 9 I’m sorry, 9 wasn’t one of the options Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 0 I’m sorry, 0 wasn’t one of the options Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 1 What is the first number? 3 What is the second number? 4 Answer: 7.0 Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 4 What is the first number? 6 What is the second number? 0 I’m sorry, you can’t divide by zero. Answer: 0.0 Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 4 What is the first number? 6 What is the second number? 2 Answer: 3.0 Menu 1. Add 2. Subtract 3. Multiply 4. Divide 5. Generate random number 6. Quit What would you like to do? 6 Goodbye!